The morning is when she lingers.
It's before the world wants
anything from her.
And... that's when she's most beautiful.
It's true, not many saw her like that.
But I can't say I was the only one.
Even though we each had
our own beginnings,
mornings like this
was shared between us all.
[glasses]
She used to tell people that it was like,
the world was drawn
with a dull piece of charcoal.
That was before me.
Now that she sees things my way,
everything makes a little more sense.
This is me.
If I'm in for anything,
it's to show her the world.
Is that so bad?
A quiet morning like the many before it,
calm, comfortable.
But comfort can be terribly blinding.
The difference with
thisparticular morning...
is in a call.
[phone ring]
She smiles.
For who?
I can't see anymore...
[telephone]
She tells me she wants to be a raindrop.
She doesn't mind falling,
as long as she's not alone.
And raindrops, are never alone.
She always has a new story to tell me.
Today,
it's about being a raindrop.
I wish I could have been there.
Because stories aren't always enough,
and words can only go so far.
This is me.
Sometimes I wonder
if she's still talking to me,
or if I'm just... eavesdropping.
It used to be every day,
sometimes for hours,
sometimes for minutes.
Healthy relationships are based
on communication.
But her words,
however sweet and real,
sound so distant.
Now, they flow past me effortlessly.
As if...
they were meant for someone else.
[umbrella]
She must know what she does to me.
Her every touch.
Every time she holds my hand.
Every time she holds me close.
This is me.
If you hold my hand,
I'll be yours forever.
A simple promise.
That's all I can offer.
Is ﻿it﻿, enough?
It may be too late for me.
It may be too late...
[scarf]Anyone can look from a distance.
A stranger can look from a distance,
what's so special about that?
But to know her scent...
mean something else.
It means, we've been close.
Closer than anyone else.
I daresay I'm lucky.
But when she doesn't want me,
when she's away,
and it's just...
her scent...with me.
I can only feel...forgotten.
This is me.
Left behind.
Am I the stranger now?
[cup]There are those nights,
when it's just the two of us,
when she softly hides in her own thoughts,
when only one thing seems
to melt the cold silence,
a kiss.
This is me.
Ask me what the perfect day taste like,
and they'll say...
her lips.
She was my first kiss.
That has to mean something,
something sure and true.
Because the tasteof a pure kiss
can't be shared.
It's the dreadfully romantic idea,
that there can be only one.
The question is...
am I, her only one?
I'm afraid the truth will break me,
but her kiss is convincing.
I'm not her only one.
She said she wanted to be a raindrop.
And today,
it finally broke us.
She had found her own to fall with,
her own to fall for.
Today...
she was a raindrop.